If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
How do you like your eggs: poached, scrambled, or fertilized?
I’m a mindreader and Yes I will sleep with you
Did you grow up on a farm? Cause you sure know how to raise a good cock
I could’ve called heaven and asked for an angel, but I was hoping you’re a slut instead
When you eat water melon, do you spit or swallow the seeds?
I’m not a dick in real life, but I’ll play one in you tonight
Wow, you’re stunning, I think I just found the cure for impotence
If you ever get tired, you can sit on my face anytime
We should totally meet up for a pizza and f*ck. (!) What, you don’t like pizza?
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Cause there’s a political uprising in my pants
You deserve to be a winner so don’t a looser by loosing the opportunity to sleep with me
That’s a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
F*ck me if I’m wrong, but we have plans to have sex tonight – (checkmate)
You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
F*ck me if I am wrong, but haven’t we met before?
I’m no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight
There will only be 6 planets left after I destroy Uranus
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you’ve got a nice set of buns
Are you a terrorist? … cause you’re the bomb!
Are you a light switch? … cause I want to turn you on
They say dating is a numbers game… so can I get your number?
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
You know I’d like to invite you over, but I’m afraid you’re so hot that you’ll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Do you want to go on a ate? I’ll give you the D later
Are those pants on sale? Cause they’re 100% off at my place!
Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!
They say a kiss is the language of love. Wanna have a conversation?
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Are you in to Casual Sex or should I dress up?
So what are you doing for sex later?
Let’s have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Wanna have sex? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no
Can I read your t-shirt in braille?
I hope you have pet insurance, because I’m about to destroy your pussy.
I love cats. I heard you have a nice pussy. Can i play with her?
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
If you’re as good at cuddling as you’re good looking, I’m signing myself up on the waitlist for a date. 😉




