You’re so hot, you’d make the devil sweat
Are you an interior decorator? Cause you are making this room beautiful
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s “god” spelled backwards with a little bit of U wrapped up in it
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
Somebody better call God, cause heaven’s missing an angel
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here
Here’s the key to my house, my car… and my heart
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m lovin’ it!
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away
Was your father a thief? Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it’s causing global warming
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
You are so selfish! You’re going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night
Save water, shower with a friend!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine!
I hope you’re not a vegetarian, because I’d love to meat you.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
What’s a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
You and me baby aint nothing but mammals, so let's do it like they do it on the Discovery Channel.
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
you + that red is the second prettiest thing i have seen tonight. first is you minus that red dress. what can i say i am a hopless mathematic.
Are you from Hogwarts coz you are 9 and 3/4.
"Kiss me I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?"
“Do you have any raisins? Well, then how about a date?”

