hey alexa, tell xx she's pretty.
I'm a chai person too but it will taste better with you. Would you like to join me for a cup of chai
Hi, hey {creative gif}
hey, did you notice the mistake on spotify this week??....They forgot to list you as the hottest single
you are so cute, i'd like to hold your hand in public
If we were in school, you'd be the girl i'd secretly pass notes to
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin’.
I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
Pinch me. [Why?] You’re so fine I must be dreaming.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in xxx
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
That awkward moment when you try to message a girl and all you can think Of is hello.
Hello. I'm awkward. HOW about you?
Thank god, i am wearing gloves..[WHY?] ...coz you be too hot to handle
You are so cinematic___Your photos look like a movie
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
What if I don't have a dog but have dog qualities?  [tell me more]  Fiercely loyal. generally stoked to see you, protect you from scary people and mailmen. not to shabby at burying a bone. 
You seem like you may be really sweet, or you a total trouble maker 
If you’re as good at cuddling as you’re good looking, I’m signing myself up on the waitlist for a date.
Truth or dare? truth-number, dare, i dare you to go out with me tomorrow.
Name! Drinks or coffee this week? 
Dinner first, or can we go straight for dessert?
Knock Knock Who's there? Juno! Juno who? Juno I love you right?
Knock Knock Who's there? Aldo! Aldo who? Aldo anything for you!
Knock Knock Who's there? Egg! Egg who? Eggcited to meet you.
Knock Knock Who's there? Dubai! Dubai who? I know your Muslim, but would you allow me Dubai you a drink?
Knock knock Who's there Needle! Needle who? Needle a little love right now.
If kissing is spreading germs.... What do you think if we start the epidemic?
Boy: There are 20 letters in the alphabet right? Girl: (26, I think) Boy: I must have forgotten U R A Q T
Boy: "Hi, I'm going to have to ask you to leave!" Girl: (Why?) Boy: "The sign says NO SMOKING....and you are definitely SMOKIN!"
Do you know they worst game of thrones pickup line? What? You look like my sister.
Are you from Korea? Because you sure look like my Seoul Mate




